---
title: Python 3
layout: post
author: salvatore.saund
permalink: /python-3/
source-id: 1tKLBtP_vVTBLVRZQi7orn3Yauk1jkQcEb_hDB4WY_wc
published: true
---
Hi guys bantatore here, back with another blog. 

Today we have change classes - frequent viewers on my blog would know that I have been working on a spreadsheet lately, learning new commands, and making a virtual shop. Our class has now moved on, and we are now leaving the language of Python 3 on the website repl.it. 

We have been over this last year, but my memory has forgotten the newly picked up language and 9t remembered anything from the previous academic year. Therefore we are starting from scratch and going over all the basics again.

This lesson was a feeler lesson to the system. We went over a simple task of writing a program that let the viewer type in their name, and let it come up with different reply based off n what they said. 

Stay tuned for more lesson reviews every week!

a= "Hello"

print(a)

re2 = input("what is your name")

print("Hello," + re1)#

while True:

  re2 = input ("What's going on today")

  if re2.lower()== "nothing":

    print ("perfect, your life sounds great")

    break

  elif re2.lower() == "lots of things" :

    print ("lovely")

    break

  else: 

    print("man dont get you")

  

  

while True:

  re3 = input ("What day is it today?")

  if re3 == "":

    print ("perfect, you know what day it is")

    break

  elif re3.lower() == "Tuesday" :

    print ("Check again")

    break

  else: 

    print("You should learn the days of the week")

  

while True:

  re4 = input ("Are you a man?")

  if re4.lower()== "yes":

    print ("Thank you for letting me know")

    break

  elif re4.lower() == "no" :

    print ("you are female")

    break

  else: 

    print("you are neither male or female")

