---
title: Week 7
layout: post
author: salvatore.saund
permalink: /week-7/
source-id: 1BxbHGRIyQDmJ9mjemEjySzwEQIJEgzZ9GHVmltlvp8w
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>The Python Test </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A Python website </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To do as well as I can in the tests </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, I found it very hard to use the code work I have put into codecademy, and put it across to the test.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt today by putting all the work I have been doing for the past 5 weeks of ICT into one lesson test. The strategy that I used was to have codecademy exercises on my right hand side monitor to have as a reference, and then have the programing website on my left  // centre monitor. This then meant I could easily glance back at the previous work I had done from previous lessons and then put that into the test.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main thing that limited my learning was remembering what I had done from the previous lessons. Because this test was about things that we did in previous lessons it meant I spent at least three minutes trying to remember what to do, or looking back at my right hand monitor scrolling through old codecademy exercises. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that I will change for next time is try and let the work I do in class and at home sink in, so I can easily display knowledge of the subject in lessons and tests to come. Also I think I should review each section myself and maybe make some notes on the topic and the main bits of code from that.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


